[NDTensors] cuTENSOR extension (#1395)
ITensor/ITensors.jl: docs/src/RunningOnGPUs.md

package extensions for the following GPU backends:

* [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) (NVIDIA GPUs)
* [cuTENSOR.jl] (https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl/tree/master/lib/cutensor) (Submodule of `CUDA.jl`) 
* [Metal.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/Metal.jl) (Apple GPUs)
* [AMDGPU.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl) (AMD GPUs)

Our goal is to support all GPU backends which are supported by the [JuliaGPU organization](https://juliagpu.org).

> Notice that `cuTENSOR.jl` is an extension of `CUDA.jl` that provides new functionality for accelerated binary tensor contractions. If the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is loaded then ITensors with `CuArray` data are contracted using `cuTENSOR` and if the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is not loaded but `CUDA.jl` is loaded then binary tensor contractions are mapped to a matrix multiplication and performed using `cuBLAS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that `cuTENSOR.jl` is an extension of `CUDA.jl` that provides new functionality for accelerated binary tensor contractions. If the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is loaded then ITensors with `CuArray` data are contracted using `cuTENSOR` and if the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is not loaded but `CUDA.jl` is loaded then binary tensor contractions are mapped to a matrix multiplication and performed using `cuBLAS`.

```

> Notice that `cuTENSOR.jl` is based on `CUDA.jl` and provides new functionality for accelerated binary tensor contractions. If the `cuTENSOR` library is loaded then ITensors with `CuArray` data are contracted using `cuTENSOR` and if the `cuTENSOR` library is not loaded then binary tensor contractions are mapped to a matrix multiplication and performed using `cuBLAS`. It is advised as of now to not use `cuTENSOR` with `BlockSparse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that `cuTENSOR.jl` is an extension of `CUDA.jl` that provides new functionality for accelerated binary tensor contractions. If the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is loaded then ITensors with `CuArray` data are contracted using `cuTENSOR` and if the `cuTENSOR.jl` library is not loaded but `CUDA.jl` is loaded then binary tensor contractions are mapped to a matrix multiplication and performed using `cuBLAS`.
```
I don't think we have have to say "It is advised as of now to not use `cuTENSOR` with `BlockSparse`." since we already have a warning about block sparse operations on GPU below.

> Notice that `cuTENSOR.jl` is an optional contraction backend for `CUDA.jl` and relies primarily on the `CuArray`. If `cuTENSOR` is loaded nearly all `CuArray` based contraction will utilize the `cuTENSOR.mul!` implementation instead of `cuBLAS.mul!`. It is not possible, as of now, to revert to `cuBLAS` if `cuTENSOR` is loaded. Blocksparse support with `cuTENSOR` is an active area of development and has a known bug for certain block-contractions. It is advised as of now to not use `cuTENSOR` with `BlockSparse`.

Reviewer: I wouldn't describe `cuTENSOR.jl` as a "contraction backend for `CUDA.jl`", rather that it is based on `CUDA.jl` and provides new functionality for accelerated binary tensor contractions.

Also, I think:

> If `cuTENSOR` is loaded nearly all `CuArray` based contraction will utilize the `cuTENSOR.mul!` implementation instead of `cuBLAS.mul!`.

is too low level (and also sounds misleading, it makes it sound like `cuBLAS` has a function `mul!` that performs tensor contraction, which it doesn't). I would just say that when `cuTENSOR` is loaded then ITensors with `CuArray` data are contracted using `cuTENSOR`, while without it contractions are mapped to matrix multiplications which are performed using `cuBLAS`.

Author: I updated the docs with your suggestions. Let me know if there is more I should change. Thanks!

package extensions for the following GPU backends:

* [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) (NVIDIA GPUs)

> * [cuTENSOR.jl] (https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl/tree/master/lib/cutensor) (Submodule of `CUDA.jl`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [cuTENSOR.jl] (https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl/tree/master/lib/cutensor) (`CUDA.jl` extension providing accelerated binary tensor contractions) 
```

> |                              | CUDA | ROCm   | Metal  | oneAPI |

Reviewer: Maybe instead of the current design it would be better to add a new `cuTENSOR` row:
```suggestion
|                              | CUDA | cuTENSOR | ROCm   | Metal  | oneAPI |
```
where we can fill with `✓ (cuLAPACK)` for the factorizations. The idea could be that the table tells users that, when they load a package extension, if those operations are implemented and additional information about how the operations are run where relevant.

We could also specify `✓ (cuBLAS)` for `CUDA` `Contractions` and `✓ (cuLAPACK)` for `CUDA` factorizations.

Author: @mtfishman Sure I can do this. Should I write something up about how when you enable `cuTENSOR` you cannot revert to using `cuBLAS` for dense contractions? And that the cuTENSOR library is an extension to the CUDA.jl library?

Reviewer: Sure, a short summary about `cuTENSOR` would be reasonable.
